# Meeting
July 3rd 2014 at 12 E. Exchange St, Akron, Ohio

## Attendence

* Who was present?

## Action Items

* A list of items that should be done by the next meeting. Be sure to include who is responsible for what!

- Torrie: Draft bylaws
- Omar: Continue a search for a space
- Torrie: Will call about the space under Da Vinci's
- Torrie: Will update values pull request
- Torrie: Will look into maybe some config defaults for discourse that defaults to sending more mails, and also double check mails being sent
- All: Will use discourse more ;)

## Discussion Agenda

- Omar talks about the location at 901 Iredel.
 - Needs a lot of work: electrical, plumbing, walls, etc
 - No backtaxes, its a foreclosure home
 - City of Akron has money from the homeland recovery act to give grants to fix houses
 - Torrie asks about the lawn.
  - Omar sez we could rip out the lawn and replace it with something non-growing
 - $2k/ year in taxes, $1.5k purchase price
- Torrie says that there is a building at the corner of maple and exchange
 - Pat sayz its a somewhat bad neighborhood
 - Everyone points out local attractions: circle K for snacks/food/drinks, krispy kreme, and all the rest of highland square is 10m walk away
- Nick brings up the location under Da Vinci's pizza
 - Torrie previously got in touch with the owner of the building, needs to follow up
- Pat shows some spots up by Cork and Brew on Market

- Funding options
 - Grants to purchase big ticket items, eventually
 - An indiegogo campaign
 - Tools we want to see funded through indiegogo or somesuch?
  - 3d Printer
  - Collection of hand tools
  - Soldering irons etc
  - Electronics lab
  - Computer repair kit
  - computer lab and testing tools
  - computers
  - Server equipment?
  - Wood for building tables, workbenches, etc
  - Networking equipment, switches, cat5, etc
 - Pat suggests asking EyeMG for donations of networking
  - Omar discusses the treachery of 501c3s accepting all donations and becoming e-waste
- Torrie brings up a corporate structure, 501c3, ohio nonprofit
 - B-corporations don't exist in ohio, so we'll need to do a regular non-profit corporation in Ohio unless we want to incorporate out of the state
 - Doesn't make sense to incorporate outside of ohio due to overhead
 - Omar says that some other spaces have appointed/elected/something robots to become board members
 - Goals for the next meeting:
  - Figure out minimum board number
  - Board should only exist as a signatory for the will of the membership
  - Pat adds: Make sure the board isn't personally liable for the results of the "will of the membership".
  - Pat adds: board member not there? 
- Omar brings up an onboarding process, and cultural brainwashing of new members
 - Torrie's medium post earlier this week generated a lot of discussion on hackerspaces.org about brainwashing and embedding the culture into members' heads

- Discussion of values
 - Pat: http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Safe_space
 - original: "Hackron welcomes all levels of community participation; the best way to contribute to the space is by participating in the community. The space is here for you: sitting and working is fine, but you're only really here when here you're here in spirit too. You contribute to Hackron by contributing to Hackron, not just by being here."
 - Nick sez: If you're a member, you need to make a contribution.
 - Omar: You shouldn't be eligible for membership unless you make a contribution
 - Pat: we need to find a way to actually articulate what a contribution is
 - new: "Hackron welcomes all levels of community participation, especially through constructive contributions. The best way to contribute to the space is by participating in the community. The space is here for you: sitting and working is fine, but it takes an active effort to contribute."
 - original: "Hackron believes in freedom and openness: free software, open culture, and sharing. Openness respects and values the privacy of other people. Freedom acknowledges the impact one's actions have on others, and respects their autonomy."
 - new: "Hackron believes in freedom and openness: free software, open culture, sharing, and the drive to learn more without encumberances. Openness respects and values the privacy of other people. Freedom acknowledges the impact one's actions have on others, and respects their autonomy."

- Torrie presents the look of hackron.org
 - Pros: Good layout, looks nice
 - Cons: Bad colors, should have the logo and the colors from that logo
 - Pat says discourse emails maybe aren't working? Torrie will look into it.

### Action items from last meeting

- Torrie: Will start a draft of our values
- Torrie and Craig will investigate incorporation options, etc, what officer positions are required by law
- Chris: Will find summaries of different licenses so we can figure out how we want to encourage forkability. Possibly with examples of how someone is doing it in public domain.
- Craig: Will bring a microphone next week
- Torrie: will create merge request and a workflow for +1'ing minutes as we go along
- Torrie: Will create a workflow document for meeting setup
