First Meeting of Hackron
########################

- Philip: Does photography
- Nick: Runs coworking spaces and like startups
- Cody: Likes tinerking with things, decent with comptuers, getting inco coding
  lately, interested in hackerspaces.
- Joe: A CIS and Entrepreneurship student at YSU
- Kevin: Cricket farmer
- Jon: Independent software developer. Working on doing community work with devs
  and creatives
- Torrie: Builds robots
- Persa: Software developer

What brought you here today?
----------------------------

Philip: The possibility of getting involved and being able to do things. My current
place isn't a comfortable area, I'm always getting pushback. Looking to do
projects, looking to get involved in a hackerspaces with more freedom and less
interferiance.

Nick: Wants a space that is easy for people to create things. Should be a
creative endeavor outside of a startupy or accelerator type environment

Cody: I want to create a free and safe space for people to come and gain
knowledge and collaborate with others in creating things, a free open place to
do whatever everybody else. If someone wants to come and make a robotic arm that
can grab a marker, nobody should argue with that. Safety from mental
persecution. No focus, just free and open.

Philip: The focus at the other place is undefined, and nobody knows what they're
up to. It went for two years in a certain direction and focus, and all of a
sudden in a matter of six months, it not only disintigrated, but the way it was
structured and is run was radically chaged. The current people in charge have
put in mechanisms that allow them to maintain in charge.

Joe: Pretty much what everyone else said. I want a place where I can participate
in projects, and see the creative community work

Kevin: I need a place to do some prototyping, some development on non-commercial
ventures. I really like the way that hackerspaces allow people with different
skillsets to intersect

Jon: I'm interested to see what this actually is.

Torrie: I'm here to facilitate what we want to do.

Persa: Intrest in learning, educating, and exploring

What we want to build
---------------------

(The following is a list of items take from a chaotic whiteboard session)

- Computer Lab
- 3D Printer
- Non Profit to funnel money through for local events
- Referred to as "we", not "them"
- Transparency
- Safe space mentally and physically
- Space for intersection of various skill sets
- Classes and workshops
- Feedback loops
  - For when you need help with a project
  - Discussion and collaboration forum
- Functional tools
- Wood and metalworking
- Physical space
  - Organized physical space
  - Storage space
  - Meeting space
  - Kitchen
  - EE Lab
  - Ample workspace
  - Internet
- A community that works together
- If you join, you'd better know how the community works
  - You'd better know how to collaborate and work with other people
- No freeloaders
  - Don't just be a member to use things
  - You join for the community, not to use things
- Contributions are required before you can join as a member
- All members are responsible for the space

Action Items
------------

- Torrie: Will plan the meeting schedule with another announcement and doodle
- All: Start researching other spaces and what ideas we want to bring in
- Philip: Start researching real estate options in the area for a physical space
